## Requests and responses

If all NGNJs middlewares are globally applied as default config, You have some
more features than default NextJs:

1. req.files: This key is only available if your api endpoint supports
*form-data*. Supporting *form-data* is asked from you when creating an endpoint
using `milkshake make api` command. All uploaded files using form data is
stored in this key. You can upload these files by simply calling upload
method of one of files. This method has two args:

    - path: a string which determines the destination file path under
    `storage/public/uploads/` when private mode is false and `storage/` when private
    mode is true.
    - isPrivate: a boolean value which determines private mode. In the other words,
    setting isPrivate to *true* will upload your file in selected path under
    `storage/` and setting it to *false* will put your file under
    `storage/public/uploads`.

2. req.session: A server-side session storage. You can set value to session by
simply assign a value to a key of `req.session`. For example imagine you want
to set a session key called name with the value of *NGN*. You can do it in
this way: `req.session.name = "NGN"`. Reading data from session is as simple
as reading the value of that key of session. For example getting name key
will be done this way: `const name = req.session.name`;

3. req.all: `req.query`, `req.files` and `req.body` are merged in `req.all`.
It's useful when you don't know if request parameter is passed in query
string, or body, or it's a file.

4. req.validate: It's an async function which validates your api inputs
using rules. Using this feature is something like this:

    Imagine we have an endpoint which has *name* field as required field.
    There is no need to check it in your api logic. All you need to do is:
    
    ```
    await req.validate({
    	"name": [new RequiredRule()]
    });
    ```
    
    This code snippet checks if *name* field is passed to your api. If it's
not passed, a *422* status code will be returned with the error of invalidated
   field. For example if *name* is not passed to the code above, something
   like the bellow response will be returned:
   
    ```
   {
       "message": "The given data is invalid",
       "errors": {
           "name": "Field is required"
       }
   }
    ```
    You can pass as many rules as you want to a key since value of validate
   argument **MUST be an array**. There are some rules available
   out-of-the-box: *EmailRule* for regex email validation, *InRule* for
   checking if given key exists in an array, *NumberRule* to check if
   input is a number, *RequiredRule* and *StringRule*.
   
    You can implement your own rule by creating a rule using
   `milkshake make rule` and implementing your logic in it.
   
    **Note**: Validator can also be used in client-side. You will learn it
   in next sections.
   
5. req.ip: returns IP of client. If you're serving application using a proxy,
You need to set your proxy ip to `config/trustedProxies.json` file in order
to read `X-Real-Ip` or `X-Forwarded-For` to get ip address, otherwise
   remote address will be returned.

6. res.setCookie: This function encrypts cookie value and sets it.

    **Note**: Since it's possible for a website to have cookies which
   set from other packages, NGNJs adds a prefix to your cookie name to
   find out which cookies need decryption. Don't worry. This cookie name
   prefix will be deleted when cookies are decrypted and passed to
   `req.cookies`. You only need to use prefixed cookie name if you want to
   access to a cookie client-side. This method is chainable, and you can use
   it as many times as you want. You can customise cookie prefix in .env.local
   by changing *COOKIE_PREFIX* value.